# vim: ft=colortemplate fdm=marker

# Filetype specific groups
#if get(g:, "@optionprefix_filetype_hi_groups", 0)
# Diff {{{
diffAdded                        green  none
diffRemoved                      red    none
diffChanged                      aqua   none

diffFile                         orange none
diffNewFile                      yellow none

diffLine                         blue   none
# }}}
# HTML {{{
htmlTag                          blue   none
htmlEndTag                       blue   none

htmlTagName                      aqua   none    bold
htmlArg                          aqua   none

htmlScriptTag                    purple none
htmlTagN                         fg1    none
htmlSpecialTagName               aqua   none    bold

htmlLink                         fg4    none    underline

htmlSpecialChar                  orange none

htmlBold                         fg     bg0     bold
htmlBoldUnderline                fg     bg0     bold,underline
htmlBoldItalic                   fg     bg0     bold,italic
htmlBoldUnderlineItalic          fg     bg0     bold,underline,italic

htmlUnderline                    fg     bg0     underline
htmlUnderlineItalic              fg     bg0     underline,italic
htmlItalic                       fg     bg0     italic
# }}}
# XML {{{
xmlTag                           blue   none
xmlEndTag                        blue   none
xmlTagName                       blue   none
xmlEqual                         blue   none
docbkKeyword                     aqua   none    bold

xmlDocTypeDecl                   grey   none
xmlDocTypeKeyword                purple none
xmlCdataStart                    grey   none
xmlCdataCdata                    purple none
dtdFunction                      grey   none
dtdTagName                       purple none

xmlAttrib                        aqua   none
xmlProcessingDelim               grey   none
dtdParamEntityPunct              grey   none
dtdParamEntityDPunct             grey   none
xmlAttribPunct                   grey   none

xmlEntity                        orange none
xmlEntityPunct                   orange none
# }}}
# Vim {{{
vimCommentTitle                  fg4    none    bold
vimNotation                      orange none
vimBracket                       orange none
vimMapModKey                     orange none
vimFuncSID                       fg3    none
vimSetSep                        fg3    none
vimSep                           fg3    none
vimContinue                      fg3    none
# }}}
# Python {{{
pythonBuiltin                    orange none
pythonBuiltinObj                 orange none
pythonBuiltinFunc                orange none
pythonFunction                   aqua   none
pythonDecorator                  red    none
pythonInclude                    blue   none
pythonImport                     blue   none
pythonRun                        blue   none
pythonCoding                     blue   none
pythonOperator                   red    none
pythonException                  red    none
pythonExceptions                 purple none
pythonBoolean                    purple none
pythonDot                        fg3    none
pythonConditional                red    none
pythonRepeat                     red    none
pythonDottedName                 green  none    bold
# }}}
# CSS {{{
cssBraces                        blue   none
cssFunctionName                  yellow none
cssIdentifier                    orange none
cssClassName                     green  none
cssColor                         blue   none
cssSelectorOp                    blue   none
cssSelectorOp2                   blue   none
cssImportant                     green  none
cssVendor                        fg1    none

cssTextProp                      aqua   none
cssAnimationProp                 aqua   none
cssUIProp                        yellow none
cssTransformProp                 aqua   none
cssTransitionProp                aqua   none
cssPrintProp                     aqua   none
cssPositioningProp               yellow none
cssBoxProp                       aqua   none
cssFontDescriptorProp            aqua   none
cssFlexibleBoxProp               aqua   none
cssBorderOutlineProp             aqua   none
cssBackgroundProp                aqua   none
cssMarginProp                    aqua   none
cssListProp                      aqua   none
cssTableProp                     aqua   none
cssFontProp                      aqua   none
cssPaddingProp                   aqua   none
cssDimensionProp                 aqua   none
cssRenderProp                    aqua   none
cssColorProp                     aqua   none
cssGeneratedContentProp          aqua   none
# }}}
#PanglossJS {{{
jsImport                         cyan       none
jsExport                         cyan       none
jsExportDefault                  cyan       none 
jsFrom                           cyan       none
jsConditional                    cyan       none
jsRepeat                         cyan       none
jsDo                             cyan       none 
jsLabel                          cyan       none 
jsStatement                      cyan       none
jsTry                            cyan       none
jsCatch                          cyan       none
jsFinally                        cyan       none
jsObjectColon                    cyan       none
jsNoise                          cyan       none
jsOperator                       aqua       none
jsFuncCall                      skyblue     none 
jsThis                           red        none
jsSpreadOperator                 red        none
jsDestructuringBlock             red        none
jsClassKeyword                   purple     none
jsExtendsKeyword                 purple     none
jsFunction                       purple     none
jsStorageClass                   purple     none
jsComment                        indigo     none
jsClassFuncName                  yellow     none
jsGlobalNodeObjects              yellow     none
jsGlobalObjects                  yellow     none
jsFutureKeys                     orange     none bold
jsFunctionKey                    green      none
jsObjectKey                      teal       none
jsModuleKeyword                  grey       none
jsFuncBraces                     fg1        none
jsParens                         fg3        none
jsVariableDef                    lightred   none 
jsNull                           desaturatedgrey  none
jsUndefined                      desaturatedgrey  none
# }}}
# JSx{{{
jsxTagName                       blue   none
jsxComponentName                 yellow none
jsxEscapeJsAttributes            blue   none
jsxEscapeJsContent               blue   none
jsxAttrib                        yellow none
jsxAttributeBraces               fg1    none
jsxEqual                         aqua   none
jsxString                        green  none
jsxCloseTag                      blue   none
jsxEndTag                        blue   none
jsxEndString                     blue   none
jsxCloseString                   blue   none
jsxIfOperator                    aqua   none
jsxElseOperator                  aqua   none
jsxDot                           fg1    none
jsxNamespace                     blue   none
jsxPunct                         aqua   none
#}}}
# TypeScript {{{
typeScriptReserved               aqua   none
typeScriptLabel                  aqua   none
typeScriptFuncKeyword            aqua   none
typeScriptIdentifier             orange none
typeScriptBraces                 fg1    none
typeScriptEndColons              fg1    none
typeScriptDOMObjects             fg1    none
typeScriptAjaxMethods            fg1    none
typeScriptLogicSymbols           fg1    none
typeScriptDocSeeTag           -> Comment
typeScriptDocParam            -> Comment
typeScriptDocTags             -> vimCommentTitle
typeScriptGlobalObjects          fg1    none
typeScriptParens                 fg3    none
typeScriptOpSymbols              fg3    none
typeScriptHtmlElemProperties     fg1    none
typeScriptNull                   purple none
typeScriptInterpolationDelimiter aqua   none
# }}}
# JSON {{{
jsonKeyword                      green  none
jsonQuote                        green  none
jsonBraces                       fg1    none
jsonString                       fg1    none
# }}}
# Boldface {{{
Variant: gui
verbatim
if !get(g:, '@optionprefix_bold', 1)
  hi htmlTagName gui=NONE cterm=NONE
  hi htmlSpecialTagName gui=NONE cterm=NONE
  hi htmlBold gui=NONE cterm=NONE
  hi htmlBoldUnderline gui=underline cterm=underline
  hi htmlBoldItalic gui=italic cterm=italic
  hi htmlBoldUnderlineItalic gui=underline,italic cterm=underline,italic
  hi docbkKeyword gui=NONE cterm=NONE
  hi vimCommentTitle gui=NONE cterm=NONE
  hi clojureRegexpCharClass gui=NONE cterm=NONE
  hi pythonDottedName gui=NONE cterm=NONE
  hi jsExportDefault gui=NONE cterm=NONE
  hi jsFutureKeys gui=NONE cterm=NONE
  hi markdownH1 gui=NONE cterm=NONE
  hi markdownH2 gui=NONE cterm=NONE
  hi markdownH3 gui=NONE cterm=NONE
  hi markdownH4 gui=NONE cterm=NONE
endif
endverbatim
Variant: gui 256
# }}}
#endif

